now
the pickup trucks warn the women are
arriving
they tired of riding on the back and take
a taste for both wheels and our
girls work heavy
only today could special
is the pauleira in the end is great and in all
Well, a lot of work here in the workshop.
eat car
beauty is but look for today arrives saw
beginning the two-wheeler saloon and I
I need your help that we
show everything that's new to the
women and there it was good
let's go on this though then when you look
this talk of dead woman serious thing
that the market is looking after 25%
of motorcycles sold in Brazil
the female audience, this means that the
every four bikes sold
one is for them manufacturers are of
I look in this niche and full of news
It is what we will now give the
Hall of two wheels with them of course
although tapping is the most sought after
for them motorcycles of low displacement
the space for the bag and
support for high heels but the womanly
is also looking for new options and
manufacturers have already taken this in all
the segments we always have a look
attentive to the woman who is becoming
greater participation
the world's largest motorcycle manufacturer
brazil took to the hall several models
to please the ladybug
the girls who search for a motorcycle more
powerful the novelty is the new cb 500
I loved this bike I like a motorcycle
I found her design
fantastic I believe that for a woman
average height she is excellent
the yamaha booth beyond the bikes
super special treatment for herons
is having a very great concern
with this audience is wanting every time
different things cool and
better better things and much more
What motorcycle do you have?
some 150
and you would like to get the bike more
power and engine capacity bigger one
sports or even to blow your head
ag was delighted with the ducati diavel
design show
already luana felt the footprint of pane galli
another incredible bike to take these
girls machines
ideal is to take a driving course
number of women seeking to
take a class and also migrate to the
world of tracks
driving motorcycles starting to compete
has been increasing significantly the
also many released accessories
women have everything for all
tastes in that extends we find
every thing different every new thing
looking helmets in PNAP style
pink helmet for woman more
feminine
every time from joãozinho to the one that
plus a woman's jeans that
I'll take off the ladybug yo then
three fun when they had you
I would use what you liked best.
I think the region had but I prefer then
and it 's sure they're eyeing
also on the streets shirt ' of motorcycles made
tailor starts from here take a look
here machine a streak and should be
original
only the super-customized engine is left
they fill their eyes but they are not easy to
touch
there are other options for chicks that
likes to rotate in style
although our bikes are very robust
possession have this appearance of strength
many women like to start at the
harley world days through the family
force and this year here in the hall the people
is launching the new policy and for us
is an icon
is it there womenfolk entering all the
world of two wheels
OK
what an amazing two-wheeled saloon in more
a novelty for us, right?
And you like it, so sign up if you
our channel super machine